black black grey black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black 
black black grey black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black 
black black grey black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black 
black black grey black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black 
black black grey black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black 
black black grey black black black grey black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black 
black black grey black black black grey black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black 
black black grey grey grey grey grey grey grey grey black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black 
black black black black black red grey black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black 
black black black black black black grey black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black 
black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black 
black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black 
black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black 
black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black 
black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black 
black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black 
black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black 
black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black 
black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black 
black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black 
black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black 
black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black 
black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black 
black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black 
black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black 
black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black 
black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black 
black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black golden golden golden 
black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black golden golden golden 
black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black golden golden golden 
