black black black black grey black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black 
black black black black grey black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black 
black black black black grey black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black 
black black black black grey black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black 
black black black black grey grey grey grey grey grey grey grey black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black 
black black black black black black black black black black black grey black black black black black black black black black black black black black brown black black black black black black black black black 
black black black black black black black black black black black grey black black black black black black black black black black black black black brown black black black black black black black black black 
black black black black black black black black black black black grey black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black 
black black black black black black black black black black black grey black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black 
black black black black black black black 1 black black black grey black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black 
black black black black black black black black black black black grey black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black 
black black black black black black black black black black black grey black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black 
black black black black black black black black black black black grey black black black black black black black black black black black black black blue black black black black black black black black black 
black black black black black black black black black black black grey grey black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black 
black black black black black black black black black black black black grey grey black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black 
black black black black black golden black black black black black black black grey grey black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black 
black black black black black black black black black black black black black black grey grey black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black 
black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black grey grey black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black 
black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black grey grey black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black 
black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black grey grey black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black 
black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black grey grey black black black black black black black black black black black black black 
black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black grey grey black black black black black black black black black black black black 
black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black red black black grey grey black black black black black black black black black black black 
black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black grey grey black black black black black black black black black black 
black black black black black black black black black black black black black black 2 black black black black black black black black black grey grey black black black black black black black black black 
black black black black black black brown black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black grey grey grey grey black black black black black black 
black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black grey grey black black black black black 
black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black 
black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black 
black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black 
