black black brown brown grey black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black 
black black brown brown grey black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black 
black black brown brown grey black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black 
black black grey grey grey black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black 
black black golden golden black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black 
black black golden golden black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black 
black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black 
black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black 
black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black 
black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black 
black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black 
black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black 
black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black 
black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black 
black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black 
black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black 
black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black 
black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black 
black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black 
black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black 
black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black 
black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black 
black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black 
black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black 
black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black 
black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black 
black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black 
black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black 
black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black 
black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black black 
